Publish pre-harvested changelog (#5157)
catalyst-cooperative/pudl: docs/methodology/entity_resolution.rst

* Boilers ``(plant_id_eia, boiler_id)``
* Generators ``(plant_id_eia, generator_id)``

For forensic purposes, PUDL also publishes tables which includes all values which are
found in the original tables which we use to create these canonical values. These

> tables are all have ``changelog_pre_entity_resolution`` in their names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tables are all have ``forensics_entity_resolution`` in their names.
```
